Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The story you are
about to see is true.
As far as I know.
Okay.
I'm sorry the people
just turn and look at you
as if you are from the zoo.
Don't worry. I am from the zoo.
Somehow I don't feel it's
going to be safe for you.
Look, don't get out of the
car until I tell you to, okay?
-You're getting out?
-Yeah.
It's okay, I'll be fine.
It's so joyful.
Just had the first victory.
And there are lots
of other people too,
and you'll see them there.
Jennifer, sweetheart,
it's me again.
Would you call me back, please?
You're not gonna
believe what I found.
This story that you
wrote in English class.
I'm worried about you.
Jennifer, I really
need to talk to you.
I don't know where you are.
I mean, you could be anywhere.
I'm going to send this to you.
I'm going to send
it express mail,
and I want you to read it.
Call me, please.
Hey, babe. I guess you're
already on the plane.
Have a good trip back. I'll
see you when you get home.
Love you.
I think that's why my
partner's special, because
he's probably the...
only man I've really and
consistently loved for 10 years.
Do you want to have children?
Yeah. Oh, I get
the motherly urge.
I want children.
Then I think, no,
on Monday, I have a meeting,
on Tuesday, I have
a demonstration,
on Thursday, my bank
meeting, on Friday...
Babe. I come bearing gifts.
You got me something?
Yeah.
Where are you?
Nowhere. I'm just...
Sorry, I was just
thinking about my mom.
She's been calling, and, um...
she, uh, read this
story I wrote...
when I was a kid about
my first boyfriend.
And...
I hadn't told her about
it, because he was older.
So she's beside herself,
trying to reach me.
Babe.
You know, I never shot
in Atlanta before.
You got everything?
Yeah.
I'm kinda excited.
-It's gonna go great.
-Yeah.
So that came for you.
Oh, yeah?
-It's from your mom.
-Yeah.
I'm gonna miss you.
-Love you.
-I'll be back Tuesday.
-Okay.
Mom! Mother!
You're getting it all over me.
I just need you to eat a little.
Can you get the milk for the...
I need milk for Lucy's.
Sit down! Now!
Excuse me. Come here.
Go and sit!
Go! Sit!
And does it abut
on protected land?
Yes.
Well, I'm going to need
to have it assessed.
I can have my guy out there
by the end of the week.
Yes, of course.
I'd like to begin this story
by telling you
something so beautiful.
Yeah, hey.
I've been so worried about you.
-Did you read it yet?
-No. Where'd you find it?
It was in a box in
the storage room.
What does it matter
where I found it?
What matters is what it says.
What happened?
What... what are
you talking about?
You lied to me all these years.
Mom, this is why
I didn't tell you,
because I knew you'd
react this way.
Oh, what is that
supposed to mean?
That I'm too stupid
to understand?
No, I never said that.
I found Bill on the Internet.
What?
There he is, for all
the world to see.
Famous as ever.
Hold on, I'm gonna
go in the office.
Just a minute.
Mom, what are you talking about?
Did you ever try looking him up?
No, I thought he was,
I don't know, dead or...
Well, all you have to
do is type in his name.
Oh, my God.
He looks so much older.
I couldn't find
anything on her, though.
However, I do know somebody
who'd put me in touch
with Becky Davis.
Yeah, Becky was
there that summer.
Yeah, and she lives
right over on Fairview.
What are you talking about?
You know, you haven't come
down for, like, two months.
I could use a little help.
-Mom, what are you doing?
-Well, maybe she knows
how we could get in
touch with Mrs. G.
I can't do this
this weekend, okay?
I've got papers to grade,
and Martin wants me to
look at venues on Saturday.
You're 48 years old.
You've been engaged
for three years.
He's not going anywhere.
I'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?
Okay. Love you.
Love you. Bye.
I'd like to begin this story
by telling you
something so beautiful.
I've met two very special people
whom I've come to love dearly.
Imagine a woman who's married
and a man who is divorced
sharing their lives
in close friendship.
Loving each other with
all their souls...
yet not being close
with their bodies.
Get this...
I'm part of them both.
I'm lucky enough
to be able to share
in their love.
When I'm away from them,
the earth seems to
shake and tremble...
and often I'm afraid
I'll fall off of it.
Well, that was fast.
Did you come to your senses?
Mom, you are so wrong.
What am I wrong about now?
Mrs. G was an incredible woman.
Did you read what your
teacher said on the back page?
Read it. Now.
'If what you talk about
here were accurate,
'I would say you had been taken
advantage of by older people.
'But clearly you have a fine,
full set of emotions
blossoming into womanhood.'
You see? Even your English
teacher knew without telling me.
Can you just let me sit
with my own memories?
No, I want you to nail them.
Mom, please.
It makes me want
to see her again.
Who are you?
Jennifer.
Who?
Jenny.
The girl over there
arriving at your house.
Oh. Jenny.
You're coming to
spend the summer here.
So you remember me?
Of course I remember you.
You've had a few lessons.
Am I talented?
Am I a good rider?
No, I wouldn't say so.
Not a natural.
Your family's rich, though.
-Jews.
-Jews?
I'd never met a Jew
until I came to America.
Jews don't ride horses.
Ever seen a Jew
competing at Brighton?
I suppose I should
get on with it.
Hi, there.
-You must be Jane.
-I am.
I'm Aaron, it's
nice to meet you.
-So nice to meet you finally.
-Finally face-to-face.
-Many phone calls later.
-It's a pleasure.
-Jenny, how are you?
-Good, how are you?
I'm well,
I'm well. Let's take
him to the stalls.
Okay.
Hey, Mom, what did you
say Becky's address was?
Can you text it to me?
Why are you telling
this story, Jenny?
I always wanted to
have a story to tell,
but nothing ever
happened to me before.
-This is a beautiful piece of property.
-Oh, thank you.
She was the most beautiful
woman I had ever met.
Oh, it's so nice to have her...
I knew my father
would fall for her.
Everyone did.
I did.
And there are two other girls
who are joining
Jenny this afternoon.
-I see.
-Which is lovely.
Good number, I think.
Not too many to
keep an eyeball on.
When Jenny first started
with this horse business
I didn't understand it.
-Really?
-Her mother still doesn't.
I see now how good it
is for her, though.
Do you know, in Russia, Jews
were not allowed to ride horses?
-Dad!
-What?
Because no Jew could be
higher than a Russian.
But Jenny's great-great-uncle,
he was very tall.
-And he rode a horse.
-Dad, please.
-What?
-You ready to work hard
for the next few weeks, missus?
Yes.
Right, off we go.
Take the salad, Franny.
You take the rest.
Thank you, Becky.
And you, Mrs. Cat.
It's hot. Use your
gloves, please.
Never, ever, ever put a
pie crust on the bottom.
It only gets soggy.
That and the raisins
are the secret to the
perfect apple pie.
But don't you tell anyone.
Off you go.
Dr. G and I are so pleased
to welcome you to our home
for what we're sure will
be a fine summer season.
Franny, would you lead
us in grace, please?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Mom, can I say it?
Raymond!
Of course you can.
Bless us...
-Lord.
-Lord,
and these gifts that
we're about to eat.
And thank you for the
friends and family
that are gathered here with us,
and keep us safe...
How do people change?
When I was a child,
I was obsessed with
changing myself.
Now I don't even
remember how I got here.
Or who I used to be.
Wow, look at you.
You know, it's funny.
I don't remember anything
of what I learned,
riding-wise, from Mrs. G.
But I remember
learning discipline.
Yeah, me too.
Her idea that you enduring
pain makes you better.
You know I, um,
I kept my horse there
after that summer.
Oh, you were lucky.
You got more time with her.
Yeah.
My parents, they never
would have let me stay.
I was an only child, so
they watched me like a hawk.
Well, I was one of five,
so they barely noticed
if I wasn't there.
You know, I found some
photos from that summer.
-Oh, great.
-Thought you might like to see them.
Do you ever see Mrs. G
at riding events or...?
Oh, I saw Franny a few years back.
I...
-You did?
-Yeah.
She said something about Mrs. G.
Oh, look how beautiful.
There's some great
ones of Franny, too.
But I couldn't seem
to find any of you.
You were such a
tiny little thing,
so much smaller
than Franny and I.
-Was I?
-You almost looked like a little boy.
-What?
-So afraid
that you barely said two words.
Huh.
I didn't know you were here.
'Hello, Mother.'
'Hello, Jennifer.'
Looking for pictures from '73.
Not in that book. Here.
Oh. Yeah.
Look at me.
No, no, no, that's later.
That's '75.
You were already 15
here in this picture.
Let me show you 13.
There.
That's 13.
I was so little.
Yeah.
Why are you telling
this story, Jenny?
I always wanted to
have a story to tell,
but nothing ever
happened to me before.
Ah... It's hot. Be careful.
Don't tell anyone.
It's our secret.
-Mom, can I say it?
-Raymond!
Bless us, Lord,
and these gifts that
we're about to eat.
Thank you for friends...
I'd like to begin this story
by telling you
something so beautiful.
Wakey-wakey!
Time to run.
Meet outside in 10 minutes.
No stragglers.
She was the most beautiful
woman I had ever met.
Every girl wanted
to be just like her.
Becky and Franny did.
I did.
Good morning.
We'll be running every morning
before our first ride, with Bill.
You're very lucky.
Bill is an excellent coach.
He will teach you to go beyond
the complaints of your bodies.
Running gives us stamina.
Makes us into excellent riders.
Good morning.
Good morning, girls.
-This is Franny...
-Hi. Bill.
-Becky...
-Hi.
And Jenny.
I'm so happy to meet you.
Jane has already told
me a lot about you.
So, here we go.
Jane, why don't you run
scout, I'll run gunner.
We'll see how everyone does,
and then we'll switch
it up in the middle.
-Come along, girls!
-All right.
I am Nouga and you are Neets!
When I say Nouga, you say Neets!
-Nouga!
-Neets!
Okay, Franny,
you're doing great.
-Just walk for a few minutes.
-Okay.
Jane?
Good girl, Jenny.
I'll walk with them.
Meet you at the top.
-Nouga!
-Neets!
Martin?
Franny?
Funny how you live with
people in your mind.
Inside of you, they're
always the same.
And you live with them happily.
Never wanting
anything to change.
As documentarians,
you all have been developing
your own unique skills,
unconsciously,
since you were born.
I'll speak from my experience.
I was a super-shy kid.
I felt invisible.
At home, at school.
So I learned to adapt.
I taught myself the skill
of being a chameleon
so that I could fit into...
people's worlds,
their environment...
and have some friends.
Let's try something.
Joe, how would you like
to be a guinea pig today?
Sure.
Everybody say hi to Joe.
Hey, Joe.
So, we learn about the truth
by reading people, right?
It's how we get to know them.
So, what about Joe?
His body language...
It's defensive.
Well, you're...
Let's change it up, Joe. All
right, so there's a point.
We learn a lot from
people's bodies.
They tell us a lot. So
let's keep investigating.
What else?
Are you depressed, Joe?
No.
Do we believe Joe?
Do you believe yourself?
A little bit.
So, good point. So that means...
he didn't tell you the truth.
Right?
So how do we get to know?
How do we go beyond what
the person is telling us?
-Yeah?
-How do we know when
we've crossed the boundary?
Excuse me. One second, guys.
Sorry.
Keep talking to Joe.
Hey, Franny?
Jenny Fox, is that you?
Hi! How good to hear from you.
So surprised to
get your message.
Yeah!
What happened to
your outside leg?
-Hello?
-Yeah.
You know, the other left one?
Are you talking to me?
Sorry, I'm in the
middle of work.
-Where are you?
-Oh, you don't know?
I manage Mrs. G's farm.
Have for years.
Oh, wow, I didn't...
No, I didn't know.
-Oh.
-It would just...
It would be so
amazing to come visit
and maybe see you and Mrs. G.
Do you still ride?
-Jenny?
-Um...
not as much as I used to.
They invited me to lunch.
Are you wearing a wire?
-What? No.
-Oh, you should have a wire.
I thought Martin was
gonna to help you, no?
You have to record everything.
Mom, no.
Martin's not gonna help me,
and I'd be way too
nervous to wear a wire.
Just tell me you're
gonna ask about Bill.
I don't know. I'm
gonna play it by ear.
Okay, but don't forget...
Tempus fugit.
What does that even mean?
You took Latin, look it up.
No, Ma, that was one
of your other kids.
Oh, who could keep track?
Okay, bye.
Right, girls. Here we go now.
-Now you missed a spot.
-Sorry, Mrs. G.
You can do better than that.
See here.
-Finish.
-Mm-hm.
Good girl.
What's going on here?
Sorry, Mrs. G.
No excuses.
Come on.
Mrs. G, Franny.
So good to see you.
That coat.
I feel like I remember
from years past.
It's ancient.
Ah, here are our drinks.
What are we having, Fran?
Uh, yeah.
Okay, Mary, Mother will
have the onion soup...
You know, I have
a lot of regrets.
You do?
I would change so many things
if I could go back in time.
What would you change?
Jenny, you gonna eat?
Uh...
sorry, yeah, I'll just
have a mixed green salad.
Thanks. Let's slow down, eh?
I don't think I know
where you're from,
or maybe I never knew.
-But you're from London?
-No, West Country.
I grew up on a farm.
But my mum preferred
the dogs over me.
I was taken away and put in a
children's home quite young.
Right out of Dickens.
I've been wanting to ask you...
Better just get it over with.
No need to wallow.
Ray passed away two years ago.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Dr. G has cancer. He's lived
with it for a long time.
No one thought he
would live this long.
So there.
You know everything.
Now we can change the subject.
It's funny, I didn't even
think about asking about Dr. G.
I feel bad. I just...
I assumed they were divorced.
Why would you say that?
She and Dr. G are absolutely
devoted to one another.
Right.
But what about Bill?
What happened to him?
I don't know what
happened to him.
I don't have any idea.
Why am I doing this?
Don't question yourself now.
You're doing everything right.
I said I wanted a riding lesson.
Oh, that's smart.
Build a rapport.
Connect at her level.
I don't know, what if
she finds out I'm lying?
I mean, I haven't ridden
since I was a kid.
It's just like
riding a bike, honey.
You'll be fine.
Don't worry about it.
She's an old woman.
She's broken, you know?
She's different than you,
and she's had a hard life.
We've all had a hard life.
She looks nothing like
I remember, you know?
Like, she looked like
such a giant to me then.
You must push yourselves
beyond all boundaries.
No limits!
My mom said Ray isn't
even Dr. G's kid.
She's divorced.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Her first husband
killed himself.
The day before the
final competition,
Mrs. G gave us a
break from training.
Five...
Jenny, come join us.
Yeah, come on in, Jenny.
Nouga, over here!
Nouga promised to
come watch me ride.
Why did we call him Nouga?
What does that mean?
Nothing. I don't know.
I never asked him.
Don't you think it's
a little cult-like?
No?
What?
I mean, I didn't
think it at the time.
But now, in retrospect...
you know, the whole group thing.
Worshipping pain. Endurance.
It's a bit religious,
don't you think?
Really?
Really, Jenny?
I expected so much more of you.
-Hey, Jenny.
-Oh!
-Hey.
-Find it okay?
Franny, whoa.
She's out back.
Okay.
Yes, you're a beauty.
Come on.
Hello, Mrs. G.
Let's get you up in the saddle
and see what you can do.
Hope you don't
end up in the dirt
like last time we saw you.
Whoa, hold up.
Hold up there.
I don't know. He is huge.
This one's a shark.
Oh, what a shark.
But how the shark can move.
-It's been a while.
-Oh, nonsense.
You ready?
Okay.
There we go.
Mr. Shark's got
perfect conformation,
but he was too
small for breeding,
so they cut him and
put him up for sale.
He's a giant. Let's
see if I can do this.
Okay...
He needs contact with
your hands to feel you.
I haven't ridden in a while,
so maybe a calmer horse?
Nonsense. Now,
remember the position.
Heels down, head
up like a queen.
Arms down, Jenny.
You know, quiet
hands, quiet horse.
Hands down, Jenny.
Quiet hands, quiet horse.
You know this.
Yes, Mrs. G.
I'd love to be in that daydream.
It looks lovely in there.
Is it nice?
Yes!
Okay, well that horse
needs you to be present.
-Let's go.
-Okay, Mrs. G.
Okay, Mrs. G.
He can't feel you, Jenny,
he can't know what
you're asking for.
You are a beauty.
You look beautiful.
Good girl. Better.
Canter now.
No excuses.
The body remembers everything.
It really does.
Good girl, Jenny!
Let's go! Take that jump again.
Come on.
I... I'm sorry, I don't
know what happened.
No fretting. No, it's fine.
Get right back on that horse.
Here we go.
Good girl.
Up.
There we go.
Take a breath.
Okay.
Want you to use this.
We don't want that horse
getting any bad habits, do we?
No bad horses, only bad riders.
There are no bad horses,
only bad riders. Right?
-Yes, Mrs. G.
-Okay, let's take it again.
Back on the rein-in, girls.
Let's canter, please.
Want you to take
that jump again.
Thank you so much
for joining us today
for our final demonstration of
the girls' summer intensive.
Today, they will
be mock competing
in three very demanding events.
So let's wish them
all good luck.
Jenny. Jenny, your
mother just called me.
Your sister's broken her arm.
Okay. I'm fine.
They won't be able to
pick you up till tomorrow.
Go, Jenny!
Bill and I want to take
you out for dinner.
Now?
Yeah.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah, you hungry?
-Yeah!
-Come on. I'm starving.
The guy from Geralyn
Hall left a message
saying they're
booked all of July.
But I think you should call him.
You know, you talk
people into anything.
Oh, yeah?
Do I talk you into everything?
Look at what I'm doing. Cooking.
Chili powder, maybe?
-For a little...
-Yes.
Yes, that would be great.
-pinch.
-I'll work the chili powder.
So how was...
How was the hall you
went to see this weekend?
It's supposed to be a good one.
I'm excited about it.
# If I could read
your mind, love #
# What a tale your
thoughts could tell #
# Just like a paperback novel #
# The kind that
drug stores sell #
# When you reach the part #
# Where the heartaches come #
# The hero would be me #
There you go.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
I have been very impressed
with your running
this summer, Jenny.
Really.
But I want you to consider
joining my inner-city
running team
when you come back
from vacation.
You serious?
I am serious.
You have talent.
And, more importantly,
you have guts.
Without guts, talent is wasted.
Yeah.
Strong body, strong mind.
-Yeah.
-Say it.
-Strong body, strong mind.
-There you go.
It's just...
It's just so hard to leave.
You'll be all right.
You'll be fine.
Jane tells me that you're
quite a storyteller.
Do you know I write, too?
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
Poetry.
Can I write you when
I'm on vacation?
-I'd love that.
-We would love that.
You can write us
and you can tell us
anything you want.
Anything.
There are no secrets
at this table.
And we don't want to keep
any secrets from you, either.
Jane and I have talked,
and we've decided that we
want us all to be equals.
And we respect you
too much to lie.
So we want you to know
that Jane and I are lovers.
How do you feel?
Well, I'm happy for you.
I'm happy you have each other.
I don't want you to be
miserable like my parents.
-You see?
-Dear girl.
Told you she has a deep soul.
How did they know they could
trust me with their secret?
That I would never
break their confidence?
The other girls would
have told on them.
I would never tell my parents,
or the other adults.
It was like an unspoken oath.
And I felt proud of it.
What are you doing now?
Hey.
They sent me a bunch of letters.
Where's the rest of
the stuff from my room?
Letters are in this box.
Mom,
how long did you
know these were here?
How come you didn't
give me these before?
I found them when
I found your story.
And I didn't give
them to you because...
Because I was ashamed.
'My Dear Jenny,'
'I was so sad...
reading your special letters...'
I hate being home.
Even in this beautiful place,
my brothers and sisters
never stop fighting.
My mom and grandmother
yell at them constantly.
'It's easier to be
unhappy in this world.
'It has been burned
into my brain
'that it is I that is selfish.
I take, they give.'
'My dear Jenny,
'Nouga and I shared
our cards from you,
'your poems of pathos.
I hope you don't mind.
'You have some very special
kind of beauty, Jenny,
and it's natural to
want to share...'
I'm so confused.
But at the same time,
I feel free.
It's getting to where one
can't walk in broad daylight.
And that one goes running
around at all hours.
A woman was raped last
year over on Spencer.
What are you going on about?
Jenny, can you go
get your brother?
It's time for dinner.
We talked about this.
I will not have your mother
instilling fear in my children.
Can you just keep
your voice down?
She gave up her
summer to help me.
This is still my house.
I-I know...
Jenny, I feel for you.
Growth always means change.
But then Nouga says
change is almost always painful,
and thus pain is joy.
So we smile again.
Dear Jenny,
try to continue
with your running.
Before long, the pleasure of
doing it will appear again.
Each day, the well-done piece
will build your confidence.
Is your horse a boy or a girl?
It's a boy.
-It's a beautiful horse.
-Thanks.
So glad you've made a new
friend, my dear Jenny.
This wonderful experience
will only open new worlds
for you to come.
But do not rush.
You have plenty of time
to enjoy everything.
Mom? Dad? Are you in there?
Would you keep it down, please?
Your father and I are
trying to take a nap.
Sorry, Mom, but
it's very important.
My friend, well, he
invited me to the fair.
We'll be back by 9:00.
Wait, who invited you?
A new friend from the stable.
Lucas Mendelssohn.
-His family's from Texas.
-Of course not, Jenny.
We don't know his family,
and you know the rule.
You know we have dinner
reservations with the Wheelers.
Now go get dressed.
He's flying home with
his family tomorrow.
Please? We'll be
back right at 9:00.
I don't want to repeat myself.
And you heard your father.
This is an important dinner.
Your dad's gonna
close the financing
on the new development,
so go get dressed.
They said I can't go.
Well, maybe my mom
can call your mom.
But it won't matter.
It's just one of
their stupid rules.
I hate them.
Young lady.
What did we just discuss?
Babes. Babe?
Come on, let's go. We're
all waiting in the car.
I don't want to go.
Honey, what was the
name of your friend?
That boy, his family?
What was his name?
-Mendelssohn.
That's right. I knew
I knew the name.
I played golf with his
father two weeks ago.
Joel Stern brought
him to the club.
Anyway, come on. Move it.
Let's go.
I have made a decision.
I'm taking my life
into my own hands.
That fall,
every Friday,
my dad picked me up from school
and dropped me off at Mrs. G's.
Hi, my love.
Let me look at you.
Someone's kept up
with her training.
I have made a decision.
I'm taking my life
in my own hands.
That fall,
every Friday, Mrs. G
picked me up from school,
and took me to her farm.
It was pure bliss.
It was heaven.
I was finally home.
We tell ourselves
stories in order to live.
So, what's your story?
What story are you gonna tell?
Thank you.
I think we should
tell your parents
about visiting
Bill at his house.
What do you think?
I don't think they'd understand.
Ha! They don't
understand anything.
It's like if I was invisible.
Like if I didn't even exist.
Well, your parents are
just afraid of the world.
They're just afraid of
living, of being free.
They cannot accept that
you are becoming a woman.
They can't see you
the way that we can.
They're such hypocrites.
I hate them.
You shouldn't hate them, Jenny.
You should pity them.
They're just not
brave like you are.
You're not afraid of life.
Right Jenny? You're
not afraid of living.
How about this?
We will form our own family
based on complete honesty
and love.
Hiding nothing,
revealing everything.
Just the truth.
And we'll never
lie to each other.
Never.
Like the rest of the world does.
That's exactly right.
I have to go. We have to go.
Come on, missus.
I haven't even made dinner.
When it came time to
leave, we had to hurry.
You know how he gets when
he hasn't got his dinner.
Dr. G always got mad
if we came home late.
It's always you two going off.
Jane, why doesn't Jenny
have dinner with me tonight?
And that way we get a
little bit more time
to talk about all this stuff?
Then if it gets too late, you
can sleep in my son's old room
and I'll bring her over
first thing tomorrow morning.
How does that sound?
It's not up to me.
Jenny can make her own mind up.
Can't you?
Good.
Then it's decided.
What did I say?
I have to go either way.
I don't remember.
I must have said something.
I only remember them.
Why can't I remember myself?
Did I say yes?
Why would you do that?
Well...
it's my life.
I can make my own decisions.
Really? You think so?
Yeah.
So, what did you say?
Well, I said yes,
because I want to prove to Bill
and Mrs. G that I'm mature.
But that's not what you wrote.
You wrote that you
don't want to be here.
That you want to go back
with Mrs. G to her house.
Look in your notebook.
It's right there.
That's just a fiction story.
What do you mean fiction?
We wrote this as...
It's a version of what happened.
What does that mean?
A lot of it's true.
My teacher says that all stories
are based on the writer's life.
You don't know what's
about to happen.
I know Mrs. G much
better than Bill,
but Bill is not gonna hurt me.
-What if you're wrong?
-Stop!
You've become just
like all of them.
You just want to
tell me what to do.
It's my life. Mine.
Not yours.
Let me live!
What if you're wrong?
I never saw a gold medal before.
-Pretty cool, huh?
-Yeah.
Watch out!
I picked out a book of poetry
that I wanted to show you.
It's Rumi.
I have wanted to show you this
since the first time
I read your writing,
because it reminded me of you.
Really?
You'll see.
Okay...
here we go.
Start there,
and just read it out loud.
But I'm not a very good reader.
Oh, I am sure you
read beautifully.
Okay.
'Make yourself free from
self at one stroke.'
'Like a sword without
a trace of soft iron.
'Like a steel mirror,
scours off all rust
with contrition.'
All rust with contrition.
'That you may see your
own pure, bright essence.'
Nouga, it's so beautiful.
Yes.
I just knew you would like it.
I just knew it.
Jenny, are you cold?
Your hands are trembling.
Um, they always shake.
I meant to light the fire,
but now it's too late.
You shouldn't freeze.
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah.
Maybe I should just
call Mrs. G...
No, no, I'm okay.
I... I feel fine.
I don't want to go home.
Look.
Okay, well, then why don't
you read the other poem
that's in there with
the page turned down.
Yes! That's my favourite.
'Call of Love.'
And I'll be right back. I'm
going to get you a blanket.
Um, okay.
'At every instant
'and from every side
resounds the call of love.'
I can't hear you!
'We are going to heaven.
'Who wants to come with us?
'We have been the
friends of the angels.
'We will go back there,
for there is our country.'
Okay, now move back.
All right, you'll feel a
lot warmer in a second.
How's that? Is that better?
Yeah.
'We are higher than heaven.'
Okay, now scoot over.
I'm cold now.
Don't stop.
You're doing great.
'More noble than the angels.
'Why not go beyond them?
-'Our goal...'
-Jenny, you are so special.
Did you know that?
You're so deep.
'Our goal is the
supreme majesty.
What has the fine pearl...'
I want to save you
from all of those...
stupid young boys out there.
I think you are...
perfect.
'Why... Why have...'
Jenny...
would you do something for me?
Would you let me see you?
Will you just show me what
you look like without...?
Okay.
Are you shy?
Do you think I want you to
have big breasts like Mrs. G?
I don't.
Do you want to take
your shirt off?
Yeah?
O... Okay.
Okay.
You've been preparing
for this moment.
I don't think we should
tell Mrs. G about us.
I don't think she's quite ready.
Do you want to keep reading?
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing, reading
my childhood things?
Who are they from?
Who wrote them?
From the relationship
I told you about.
They're from an adult man.
Yeah. I told you he was older.
Just please don't go
through my things.
I mean, how old was he?
He's 40, I don't know.
That's rape. That's illegal.
Babe...
How old were you? Like 13, 14?
It was the '70s,
and people didn't talk
about it like that.
But babe the '70s,
'80s, it doesn't matter.
I don't want you
to justify this.
I'm not trying to
justify it, okay?
It was my childhood, and
these things happened to me
and it's just, you know,
I'm just saying,
it was complicated.
You talked about
the relationship,
but this is a grown man.
He was my coach.
But what does that
have to do with it?
He was 40 years old.
He was my age.
Taking advantage of a child.
Babe...
this was important to me.
And I'm trying to
figure out why, okay?
These people were
important to me.
People? Who are these people?
I saw a letter from a woman.
Who was that?
That was my riding teacher.
She introduced him
to me, you know?
And she was there that summer.
-That's why I went to see her.
-But, you...
I am trying to figure it out.
Why do you want to find
them when you're the victim?
I'm not saying that to...
Okay, I am not a victim.
I don't need you or anybody,
to call me a victim, okay?
Because you don't have a
fucking clue about my life.
So we need to stop this now.
Let me just figure
this out for myself.
Jennifer, I don't
know your life?
After six years?
Have you ever thought
about seeing a therapist?
If you knew me,
you'd know I ain't going
to see a therapist.
I'm gonna figure
this out myself.
Did you ever even look at
the ring I brought you?
Do you think I give
a shit about a ring?
That's you again,
not knowing me.
Your car is here.
I'm not going to leave
with us like this.
I'm not going to.
Look, Jennifer, let's...
Let's talk.
-I want to be here for you...
-Please! Please! Please go.
-I'm not leaving like this.
-Good! Then I'll leave.
-So you stay.
-So... No, no, no.
-You stay. No, you stay.
-All right, look,
-you don't have to leave.
-And I'll get my shit together.
I want you the fuck out of here!
Go, or I go.
And when I come back,
we're going to have
to talk about this.
Why did you pick me?
I'm a skinny, flat-chested,
introverted kid.
You can't see yourself.
I keep working on
your self-image,
but you're so stubborn,
so attached to your drama.
Becky was so much prettier.
Becky was closed off already.
You're an adult now, Jenny.
You tell me.
How do you find freshness
in the world of adults?
Look at yourself. Look at me.
Doubtful, jaded.
Unable to be surprised.
I'm dying in my own skin.
I wish you could see
yourself the way I see you.
That earnestness,
the devotion, the love.
An adult cannot love like that.
Only children can.
It's so pure.
You still believe
in possibilities.
As I do.
As I do. See?
Two peas in a pod?
Yes, exactly.
I hoped you would save
me from my family.
Didn't I?
God, I feel crazy.
Maybe I'll get into
a crash and the...
car'll catch on fire.
The whole thing'll
go up in flames.
All my secrets.
History erased in a flash.
Just like that.
-Hello.
-Hi.
You must be Mrs. Fox.
Yes.
How lovely to finally meet you.
These are for you.
Oh, thank you.
And, uh, for your...
For your husband.
-Oh. Um...
-I'm a big fan.
Been following his progress
in the local papers.
Jane wanted me to tell
you that she is so sorry
that she couldn't
pick Jenny up tonight.
Um, but she asked me to.
This house is right on
my way home from work.
I live across the field from
Mrs. Gramercy? She's...
-You coach Jenny's running?
-Yes.
-Please, Mom.
-Yes I do.
She's a very talented runner.
She shows a lot of promise.
You should be very proud.
-I am proud.
-Okay...
-Let's go.
-A wonderful, wonderful girl.
All right, please tell
Mrs. Gramercy
I'd like Jenny home
Sunday by 5:00 p.m sharp,
so she can get
her homework done.
Absolutely.
One of us will have her
back in time Sunday night.
-Okay, let's go.
-Don't have to worry.
All right.
Uh, bye.
I find that I trust him so much,
I never realize where
he's leading me.
Just breathe.
Once we're that far,
I don't know how to say no.
It's okay.
I love him.
He loves me.
Not yet.
We have to keep stretching
you open slowly.
No young boy would
ever do this for you.
But I'm not giving up.
I'm ready for you.
Ohh. Oh!
Hey.
Good morning.
Thanks, Mom.
Oh, my God, I fell asleep.
Well, that's a
good look for you.
Trashed.
Oh, my God, I'm just locked in.
I can't...
I can't turn it off right now.
Do you think Bill and Mrs. G
paid extra attention to me
because Dad was like a
big developer back then?
No, that didn't have
anything to do with it.
It was because you were
an unusual child,
and you knew how
to talk to adults.
I was thinking about the
first time that you met him.
You know when he came
here to pick me up?
Oh, I'll never forget that day.
You kidding? All my
antenna went off.
As soon as you were out
of the house with him,
I ran to your father.
-Flowers.
-Yeah.
He gave me flowers. And look,
he gave you a gift, too.
Here.
Why would anyone do that?
Just like your mother.
You think the world
is full of danger.
Our daughter spends
every weekend in the home
of a divorced woman on
her second marriage.
Nadine, what are you
even talking about?
What do we really
know about her?
And now this Bill?
Mom, sorry.
I just... Can we go... Ow!
Can we go inside the house?
-Oh, yeah, sure.
-Yeah, sorry. I just...
-Here, I'll take your bag.
-Okay, thanks.
Didn't Bill bring Dad,
like, a paperweight?
Yeah.
He did.
Was it like Christmas
or something?
No, it wasn't Christmas.
It was autumn.
You and Dad were going somewhere
'cause Grandma was
here babysitting.
Was she? I don't remember.
He wasn't taking me to Mrs. G's.
I just wanted to say
that I'm glad you
guys are all here.
I wanted to share
my good fortune
with the people that I love.
My boys, and Jenny.
So, cheers.
-What was that man doing to you?
-Nothing!
What do you mean, nothing?
You wait until I
tell your parents!
Grandma knew, right?
So you knew something.
What are you talking about? No.
Well, I mean she saw Bill
and I, out front, kiss,
and she said she
was gonna tell you.
My mother saw you?
She didn't tell you something
about seeing us kiss?
-She said she was gonna tell.
-No, absolutely not.
I would've killed him.
Of course, whenever I asked
you about Bill, you did lie.
Yeah, and you lied to yourself.
Whoa, wait a minute.
I asked you specifically
if Bill and Mrs. G
were having an affair,
and you looked me right in
the eye and you said no.
Why are you so angry now?
Well, why are you not angry?
That's what I want to know.
How would you...
How would you feel if
it was your daughter?
What would you do?
Huh?
Mom, you knew something.
You told Dad, and he
talked you out of it.
That's true.
You were following Dad's rules,
just like Mrs. G
followed Bill's rules.
Are you equating me with Mrs. G
and you father with that...?
No, no. Mom, listen.
I'm saying it's complicated.
I'm saying she was
deeply insecure,
she was probably sexually
abused herself as a kid.
Probably.
Trust me.
I know. It can damage
your boundaries.
At last, you admit
you were damaged.
Fine, Mom.
There's a question I've
been wanting to ask
since I read your story.
Yeah?
Did you like it?
Mom...
I was a kid.
Why are you asking me that?
I just don't understand.
Why did you keep going back?
I got something else.
What? Tell me. I want to know.
Love. I...
I wanted somebody to
think I was special.
Well...
you were always special to me.
Mom, Jesus.
And then after that, you
became so promiscuous.
You slept with all kinds of men.
Foreign men,
married men...
You didn't care about the wives.
-Mom...
-You didn't care about anything.
You sound very old-fashioned.
That's old-fashioned, huh?
You were with one
man your entire life.
I didn't... I didn't want
to be stuck like that.
I didn't want to be like you.
Excuse me.
Bill Allens has stood on
the podium in 1960 and 1964.
When he moved to teaching
at the university,
his vision extended
far beyond the valley.
-And lunges.
-Bill became a coaching legend.
And now butt kicks.
He would cultivate his
larger-than-life image
at universities all
across the country.
Coach Allens picked me out of
a crowd and believed in me.
They called his relay team
the island of the misfit toys.
We were all kids who no
one would have noticed,
but he saw our talent and
he just pushed us to excel.
And we all want to win,
but that's secondary.
What's most important
is that we feel
that we've done this as a team.
And we've learned to persevere
and strive for excellence.
And I hope that you think
of this time fondly,
and that it helped
make you who you are.
William P. Allens.
Yeah, he coached at the
university from '71 to '82.
You said that he sexually
abused you in '73.
But, um... we were...
We had a relationship.
Okay, um, I'm very sorry.
I'm... I'm very sorry.
I hope this helps.
I was able to get
his phone number
from one of my investigators.
Oh.
Thank you.
I assume you're in the process
of building a case against him.
No, I just, um,
I just wanted to know
what's happened to him,
you know, since me and...
why he left the
university after '82.
Hello, you've reached
William Allens.
Best in Sports.
Leave a message and
I'll return your call...
Well, you probably have
your answer for that.
I mean if he abused...
If you had a relationship,
that usually means
that there were others.
-Others?
-There's never only one.
Detective Amato said
something about others.
Can he find them?
I don't...
Mom, there weren't others.
I would have known.
Oh, for God's sakes.
Honestly, sometimes I
find it hard to believe
you're my own child.
Hello, you've reached
William Allens.
Best in Sports.
Leave a message and
I'll return your call
at my earliest convenience.
Hey, Bill, uh, this is J...
This is Jenny Fox.
Many, many young athletes.
How many others were there?
Was I the youngest?
Someone else must
have known about me.
There must have been a witness.
Who are you?
The secret to the
perfect apple pie...
Don't tell anyone, though.
It's our secret.
Jews were not allowed
to ride horses,
because no Jew could be
higher than a Russian.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I don't think we should
tell Mrs. G about us.
Use that crop, Jenny.
I don't think she's quite ready.
There's always blood
the first time.
You remember me,
don't you, silly?
Sure. That's Iris.
She was the college student
that ran Mrs. G's barn.
She was so sweet.
I don't remember. Was
she around all the time?
She was there the day that Mrs. G
put you on her stallion, Puff.
Such a cute kid.
A lot of heart, that one.
She's made huge
improvements this summer...
leaps and bounds.
Funny, now that we're
talking about it,
there's something
else I remember.
Isn't he gorgeous?
She is.
Have you lost weight, Becky?
-I've noticed it too.
-Mm.
You're lookin' really good.
I'm sure Bill didn't
mean anything by it,
-but I was so repressed...
-Keep up your training,
you'll be able to compete
with us in the fall.
Love for you to join my
inner-city running team.
I couldn't handle him
noticing me, you
know, as a woman.
Do you know how to get
in touch with Iris?
Oh, not a clue.
I don't think I even
knew her last name.
But Mrs. G would know.
She was so close with her.
You've reached the
Gramercy residence.
Please leave a
message for Dr. G or I
after the beep tone.
Hel... Hello, Jane,
it's Jennifer Fox.
Sorry I missed you.
I'm just... it's funny,
I'm near your house.
I just thought it would
be lovely to come by
and say hello again.
Shit.
I'm ready to make a
group beyond marriage.
Marriage is terrible.
Beyond all formal
rules of commitment.
Jenny, do you trust me?
Yeah.
Do you want to come with me?
I want us to make a real group.
You, me, Mrs. G, and Iris.
Iris.
visiting my mom and...
-Of course not.
-I'm so sorry.
Oh, I brought you
a bottle of wine.
Oh!
But when I was at my mom's,
I found some treasures
of you competing.
Oh. I wanted to compete
again this summer,
but with Anthony sick,
I can't plan anything.
I wake up every morning
and don't know if I'll be
able to leave the house.
I understand. That
must be so hard.
Oh, thank you.
So, I found some pictures
you might find...
amusing...
from the summer that I
stayed here with you.
Mm.
Let's see.
Do you recognize that lady?
Oh, my! That is a
good picture of me.
I don't have any good
photos of me at all.
Remember these girls?
Who is this?
Me.
I was trying to remember, uh...
who was the older girl?
Very pretty brunette who
was there that summer?
Iris Rose.
-Yeah.
-Can you imagine?
Two flowers for a name.
God, she was beautiful.
-Yeah.
-She was in college.
She worked for me all that year.
Yeah, I remember that.
Do you know how to
get a hold of Iris?
What's this?
Oh, I didn't mean to... uh...
it's Bill.
I-I-I was looking
on the Internet,
and there was a... A
book on American running,
and they... they
had a whole, um...
Yeah, what... what
happened to Bill?
I don't know.
Uh...
Let me get my glasses.
There were two chapters
dedicated to him
and all about his coaching.
I guess they've...
they've named a wing
after him at a university.
Last I heard,
his sister called me,
trying to find Bill,
because their...
their mother...
Let's get you that map.
I'll give you directions
to get out of here so...
Franny told me that you had
trained for the World Games,
so I was sure he trained you.
No, he didn't.
She was wrong.
I wasn't in the World Games,
although I have won
several gold medals.
I loved you and Bill so much.
Here's the turn-off
for the interstate.
I just need to
know what happened.
You just follow
this road out here.
-It isn't hard.
-You must've known.
It's a little dark
out right now.
And then you'll find the turn-off
and you'll be on the
interstate in no time.
I need to talk about it
with someone who was there.
Please.
You can take the
map if you'd like.
You should go now.
It's very late. I'm quite tired.
Jane, is somebody here?
-Ah, hello.
-Oh.
-It's... It's Jenny Fox.
-Jenny! Jenny Fox!
-Yes.
-Ho ho ho!
Oh, good to see you.
-Hello, Dr. G.
-Jenny Fox.
Jenny just said that
she was leaving.
Oh.
Sorry, it's so late. I know.
Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny,
with all your questions.
I feel like you want me to
apologize for something.
I'm not sure.
What do you want?
-No.
-No?
Okay.
I just want to know you.
You can't.
I'm trying to understand.
Do you know how lucky you were
to have a teacher like Bill?
He's so special.
I never had anyone like him.
You never win
without perseverance.
Just a little while longer,
and then it will be over,
and it will never hurt again.
You'll see.
Now you are a woman, my love.
Professor Fox, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Okay, so ordinarily I'd say
you should take the
time to build up trust
with your subject, right?
But, um...
sometimes you
gotta surprise 'em.
Right? To get beyond
their defences.
So, Samantha, why don't you...
tell us all about your
first sexual experience.
Uh, yeah, okay.
I was...
I was 17.
His name was Rick.
Yeah, he was my age.
So, your childhood
sweetheart or whatever?
Yeah.
And did you enjoy it?
Did I enjoy it?
Um, yeah, I think.
Right, the whole thing
was actually just...
It was kind of sweet,
because we'd been
best friends since...
God, sixth grade?
You know, we had no
idea what we were doing.
We were just a couple of kids.
Looking back on it, I...
I was younger than I thought
of myself to be, you know?
And yet, I'll never
forget in the moment,
there was just so
much tenderness.
I think I even had a little...
um...
you know.
You know what I'm saying.
No. What?
Uh...
I mean, if you're not going
to be able to talk about sex,
I don't know how you're going to
interview other people about...
all kinds of shit, so...
Okay. Uh...
I think I had a little...
orgasm.
I don't know,
I wasn't expecting it.
I didn't know what it was.
It just... It wasn't
the same as it is now.
You know, because in the
beginning it's like...
it's just like these little...
sparks.
And, I mean, it felt really...
just really natural, I think.
So it's a tough thing,
because what happens is,
especially at that age,
is that it feels good.
I mean, it feels good.
Someone is touching you
in an area that is sexual,
and so you kind of
enjoy it, and so...
-There's guilt.
-There's a sense of like...
well there's a sense of guilt,
of feeling like
you enjoyed this,
and not understanding
that it was...
It's not a good thing
and it's not appropriate.
One needn't be ashamed. I mean,
you know...
I mean, otherwise we wouldn't
be able to live with ourselves.
I have friends who just,
like, go on about sex
like it's the most amazing
thing in the world,
and I just... I can't relate.
Like, what? Why?
You know?
What's so fantastic about it?
Because I also never orgasmed.
You know?
Can you when you're alone?
Yeah. But never with someone.
Right.
Yeah, but I...
I feel like that's
normal for most women.
I wasn't abused,
but for me it took me
years to get comfortable,
to have an orgasm with a man.
I don't think that it has
anything to do with abuse.
Hello, you've reached
William Allens.
Best in Sports.
Leave a message, and
I'll return your call
at my earliest convenience.
Hey, Bill. This is
Jenny Fox calling again.
I'm just... I don't want to
keep calling and calling,
but I think we need to talk.
So can you please call me back?
Hello?
Hey, Jennifer. It's
Detective Amato.
Oh. Hey.
Listen, I thought you might
be interested to know,
there'll be a big event.
William Allens is
receiving an award.
Oh...
Also, I found that woman
you were looking for.
Iris Rose?
She teaches middle school.
Okay, okay.
See how miserable people look
in their little nuclear units?
-Stop fighting.
-Come on.
It's all those rules.
Monogamy. Marriage.
It's killing people.
Maybe it just depends
on the people.
Two tickets, please.
You really need to start
thinking more clearly, Jenny.
Thank you.
Jenny?
Oh! Hey, Iris!
-How are you?
-Good! Good to see you!
-You too.
-I'm so glad you called.
Do you want to, um,
grab a tea or something?
Yeah, there's a little
place right down here
-that we can go.
-Okay, okay.
And you and Bill were, um...
were lovers, right?
Yes, um...
Mrs. G arranged that I
would work for him part-time
and work for her the other time.
And I would work in his garden.
And I remember I was
wearing a bikini,
and he invited me in.
Oh, it was the '70s.
Yeah, I remember him...
He said that...
I think you guys had a
threesome with Mrs. G, right?
-He told you that?
-Yeah.
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, we were lovers too.
You and Bill?
Mm-hmm.
But how old were you?
Thirteen.
So...
Wow. That...
That's the age of the
kids that I teach now.
Yeah, kids, right.
Do you have any memory of, um...
Mrs. G and Bill
planning a foursome?
Do you remember that?
With you?
Yeah. I think they were
planning a weekend,
like around here somewhere,
to go to a hotel...
I don't remember that at all.
The four of us?
Yeah, Bill and Mrs. G and you...
bringing me into it.
Oh, damn it.
Wow.
Boy, I haven't thought about
that in a long... long time.
Yeah.
How'd he rope her into that?
Rope Mrs. G?
No, it was...
more like she was the cat
bringing the mouse to him.
Wow.
Yeah. How... How...
So she was the one...
Oh, yeah, she was
totally into it.
I've met two very special people
whom I've come to love dearly.
Jenny, I've got a crazy idea.
What if you kept your
horse with me all fall,
and then you could
visit on the weekends?
Mrs. G has a fantasy of
you sucking on her breast.
My beauties.
Jenny, what we really want to
do is explore our unconscious.
Bring it into consciousness.
Together.
In our family.
You'll have to tell your parents
that you have a track
meet in Delaware.
And then Mrs. G will pick
you up from school, and...
Iris and I will meet you
at the hotel at 6:00.
And then we'll
have you back home
Sunday night, like usual.
Bill and I have already
spoken to Iris about it,
but we'd like you to
bring something special.
And don't forget
your running shoes.
Mom, did you get me
the juice I wanted?
Sue, you're getting
it all over...
Oh, here. Here's your juice.
Hey, Harold, Harold, no.
It's my favourite kind.
Darling, I'm sorry.
Sit. Go. Sit.
Go and sit!
Nana, do you like my painting?
I love it. Go and sit!
Hey, Dad.
Hey, babe.
Hello?
Jennifer.
-Hey.
-I've been calling you.
You haven't answered
any of my calls.
I even tried you
at the university.
Hello?
Martin, I gotta go meet him.
What are you... What
are you talking about?
I need to see him.
Look, I don't... Jennifer...
I need to talk to him.
I need to try to...
He's not gonna
tell you anything.
figure out who he is.
Listen, promise me, Jennifer.
Promise me that you won't do
anything until I get there.
-I just want to understand.
-I'm on the next plane back.
-Jennifer, look...
-Babe, please.
you cannot go there alone, okay?
-Babe.
-Jennifer, listen to...
Oh, honey, sweetie...
I feel sick.
Yeah, you got a little fever.
I think it's the flu
that's going around.
Come on.
We'll get you in bed.
But I have a track
meet this weekend.
Well, you'll have to cancel.
Please, Mom?
No. Nothing's that important.
I'll just call Mrs. G.
We'll tell her you can't come.
Okay?
Let's get you in bed.
All right?
All right.
I'll come check on
you in a few minutes.
Just a few hours later,
my stomach-ache was
completely gone.
My body had told me what
my mind refused to accept.
I'm tired.
So tired.
Tired in ways that I'm afraid.
The fear is a fear
of a broken dream.
I have made a decision.
Go get your father.
It's time for dinner.
-Okay, Mom.
-Harold?
Wait, Harold...
Hello?
Hello? Bill?
Jenny!
I'm so happy you called.
I was worried sick.
Jenny? Are you... Are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Did you go on...
with Jane and Iris without me?
No, no. None of us wanted to.
We all agreed, we want
to wait for you. So,
don't worry. We will
pick another weekend.
I don't want to see you anymore.
Wait. It...
Is it your parents?
Because if it is,
I can talk to them.
They don't... They don't
understand you the way that...
that I do. And if you
don't want to do a weekend,
we don't have to.
I don't want to see you anymore.
But Jenny...
Jenny...
please.
I love you.
I need you.
We can work everything out.
Please just... please
don't leave me.
I'm gonna hang up now.
Don't hang up, wait, wait...
Jenny?
Jenny, dinner!
Gramercy residence.
Jane speaking.
Hello. It's Jenny.
I'm coming to pick up
my horse this weekend.
Fine.
Stupid girl.
Stupid, stupid girl.
Where's your father?
'We had a dream.
'A beautiful dream.
'We were going to fill the
emptiness in each of our souls
with love from the other.'
What happened with you and Bill?
Why'd you leave him?
Me leave him?
You don't know?
You were just the
beginning, Jenny.
There were so many others.
I tried to keep up, but I'm old.
I'm old.
'But as so many dreams,
reality does not hold true.'
I couldn't ask for help.
I was waiting for
you to save me.
Somehow in my mind, it
couldn't be anybody else.
It had to be you.
Why didn't you?
No one saved me.
'The pretty colours and ribbons
'I had decorated Bi
and Mrs. G with
'disintegrated, and
they were left naked.
'The overwhelming
pain of weakness.'
'The sickening fact of someone'
'who once seemed so strong.'
'Only to find that the strength
is only in their words.'
Thank you, Jenny.
That's quite a powerful story.
Do you mind telling us
where you got it from?
Oh...
I made it up.
That's what I thought.
You see, class,
fiction allows us
to live things far outside
our own experiences...
Oh.
Mom, don't stop.
Oh, that's one of my
favourite memories.
In the summers, after
the ice cream truck,
all the kids gathered around.
Listened to you play.
I don't have it in
my fingers anymore.
I failed.
I didn't want it to be true.
I told myself it
couldn't be true.
I failed at the one thing
a mother is supposed to do.
Protect her child.
I am so sorry.
You lied to me.
You told me it was a good
thing all these years.
And it was.
I got an A.
An A? You think that matters?
That doesn't make it good.
You want me to be
some pathetic victim.
Well, you know what? I'm not.
I've got something
no one else does.
I'm the teacher now.
Not just some invisible kid.
You'll never get married.
I don't want to get married.
Have you not been
listening to me?
You'll never have children.
I hate children.
I don't want to have children.
I'm sure of that.
But I know one thing.
He loved me.
He cried.
He cried, didn't you see?
And for years...
he's gonna send me cards.
Dear Jenny, how was
your graduation?
Dear Jenny, please give
my best to your folks.
Dear Jenny, with all
the trouble in Israel...
I read about you in
the newspaper today...
I hope you return
to your running.
Dear Jenny, I am so proud
of your growing career.
Dear Jenny, you were
always such a natural.
You see?
I'm not the victim
of this story.
I'm the hero.
He fell apart, not me.
You couldn't even
think that their lives
might continue without you.
That there would be others.
You froze them in
time, didn't you?
But you know, he's still alive,
and I'm gonna go see him now.
No.
For his lifetime dedication
to the youth of Alexandria,
we would like to award
William P. Allens
this plaque of civic excellence.
Thank you all.
Thank you very much.
-I'm actually deeply touched.
-I'm here for you.
And this could not have
been done, obviously,
without you, without
your support,
the youth of this region,
they've learned to persevere.
They've learned to...
strive to excellence
as a measure...
of your focus, your
concern, your support.
Thank you.
-Hello.
-Hi.
I don't believe we've met.
I'm Jennifer.
Hmm.
How do you know William?
Uh, he was my running coach.
Of course.
My husband is just
completely flattered
that so many of
his former students
-have come out to honour him.
-Husband?
Yeah. Would...
would you like to meet him?
Uh, say hello, yeah. It's
been a long time, so...
Okay.
How are you feeling?
-Really well.
-Ah, good, that's good.
You're the best. You're
the best one we have.
-I'm not kidding.
-Hi, Bill.
Hey. Boy,
your hair.
Such curls. Looks beautiful.
Has anybody ever seen
such beautiful hair, huh?
Miss...?
Do you...
It's Jenny.
-Jen...
-Jenny Fox.
Um...
Jenny.
Well, I never expected to see
you here in a million years.
Yeah, it's been difficult
getting a hold of you.
Jenny.
Well, I have the...
pit bull Marge here.
-Yeah, we met.
-You got one of those?
No, no, I never got married.
You told me that was
selling out, remember?
You got me. You got
me with that one.
Yes, I remember that.
So how long has it
been exactly, what...
Time just flies
away, doesn't it?
Yeah, in a blink.
Blink.
And one wrong blink
and you're headed
down the wrong path.
Excuse me, but how do
you guys know each other?
Bill was my coach. Remember?
Sure.
We had a good time...
When I was 13, right?
Yeah.
Natural athlete.
I used to love to watch you
tuck your shoulder into a...
turn and...
Pretty good in bed too, right?
Pardon me?
You know what I said.
You know what
happened, and so do I.
I don't know what you...
What do you mean?
I wanted you to know I
hated every minute of it.
I don't have any idea
what you're talking about.
No? You don't remember me
puking every time we had sex?
And you would tell me maybe
it was because I was pregnant.
But that would be hard,
because I hadn't even
got my period yet.
Remember that? Huh?
A 13-year-old kid?
-None of this is true.
-What happened to you
that you would do that to me?
-None of this is true.
-I thought we were lovers.
You didn't call me
your girlfriend?
That's not true.
You couldn't fit
your dick in me?
-You don't remember that?
-Ohh. Okay, Jenny,
it was nice seeing you.
Huh, Bill?
Bill.
What happened to you?
Can someone please
go get security?
What happened to you, that
you would do that to me?
Nothing happened to me.
What do you mean
'What happened to me?'
It wasn't me. It
wasn't me, it was you!
You didn't believe.
You didn't trust.
Oh, I did believe.
That was the problem.
-I believed you.
-You deceived yourself.
Sweet girl, Jenny.
-'We are higher than heaven.'
-It was you.
It was you. You never believed.
You never believed.
-Come on.
-You never trusted me.
I believed your story.
Huh, Bill?
You were the grown-up!
What?
Nobody else was coached by Bill?
I'd like to begin this story
by telling you
something so beautiful.
I've met two very special people
whom I've come to love dearly.
Imagine a woman who's married
and a man who's divorced.
Get this.
I'm part of them both.
I'm lucky enough
to be able to share
in their love.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org